this
say
Y
all right
also of experience
i
First
and it was not so dominant anymore
and I have stolen
for something
luisa list to 0
martín garcía cubas
When avoiding with a fun time
right from the start
now only
up to date
ah
good
or not
hear
we go from the area of ​​death of the birds
good flower already outside the area
do not
we work a lot of man and from the
work that was an excellent friend friend
He was very respected by all
as above all mainly by the
We work a lot with the most
small and everyone who wanted a lot
they used to talk
and extraordinary we have all very much
and an excellent memory
I was not in no hurry to get there
He was in a hurry to leave at ease and when the
player because Madrid has a lot
power and many kids came and in the
masterpiece was to capture all of
madrid mainly and also from outside
good
and this final and us to be
coach
two years before indicated he still knows
to this institution the selection and
happy that we have a good
environment is shown to have the
complaint of mention was missing and functions
work and dedication and the university
for doing the things that are of those we
they were more than ready, they were not ready
it was a but the workers
we are dedicated to that for many years
clarified that it causes the athletic part of
average
who looked at us
the facilities looked at the birds
instead of expression he puts you
coach
and that says
from my